blog: add fluentd v1.16.11 release announcement (#409)
fluent/fluentd-website: content/blog/20251209_fluentd-v1.16.11-has-been-released.md

# Fluentd v1.16.11 has been released

Hi users!

We have released v1.16.11 on 2025-12-09.
ChangeLog is [here](https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/blob/v1.16/CHANGELOG.md#release-v11611---20251212).

> This release is a maintenance release of v1.16 series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is expected to be the final release of  v1.16 series.
```
